Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_11_1_val_1  started at 11:31
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_11_1_val_1  started at 11:31
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_11_1_val_1  ended at 11:31

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_11_1_val_1  started at 11:31
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_11_1_val_1  ended at 11:33

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_11_1_val_1  started at 11:37
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 11 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 482 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 8 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 1068 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 3019 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 5 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 9 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 60 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 2319 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 8 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 4 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 7 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 8 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 54 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 695 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 5 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 32 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 5 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 728 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 6 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 25 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 720 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 4 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 51 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 3 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 5 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 1105 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 1 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 2 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 23 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 805 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 4 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 7 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 13 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 2592 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 118 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 35 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 7 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 8 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 3 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 1954 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 4 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 517 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 4 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 10 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 855 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 12 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_11_1_val_1  ended at 11:38
