Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_1_1_val_1  started at 15:28
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_1_1_val_1  started at 15:28
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_1_1_val_1  ended at 15:28

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_1_1_val_1  started at 15:28
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_1_1_val_1  ended at 15:28

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_1_1_val_1  started at 15:29
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 51 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 3 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 107 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 38 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 10 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 4 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 4 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 4 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 93 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 6 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 94 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 178 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 26 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 64 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 68 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 46 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_1_1_val_1  ended at 15:30
