Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_39_1_val_1  started at 12:14
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_39_1_val_1  started at 12:14
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_39_1_val_1  ended at 12:14

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_39_1_val_1  started at 12:14
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_39_1_val_1  ended at 12:17

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_39_1_val_1  started at 12:39
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 4 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 5 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 121 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 83 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 2 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 49 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 3 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 15 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 18 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 16 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 23 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 17 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 6 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 6 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 44 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 18 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 468 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 8 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 9 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 13 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 26 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 18 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 12 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 4 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 51 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 14 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 19 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 523 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 4 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 6 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 8 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 389 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 16 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 12 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 12 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 75 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 15 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 6 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 4 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 10 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 289 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 4 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 7 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 92 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 286 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 17 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 5 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 1 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 33 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 253 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 77 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 4 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 9 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 16 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 8 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 10 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 1046 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 57 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 587 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 3 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 120 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 77 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 3 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 3 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 4 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 7 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 14 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 202 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 3 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 6 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 8 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_39_1_val_1  ended at 12:47
