Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_48_1_val_1  started at 15:18
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_48_1_val_1  started at 15:18
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_48_1_val_1  ended at 15:19

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_48_1_val_1  started at 15:19
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_48_1_val_1  ended at 15:31

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_48_1_val_1  started at 15:56
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 7 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 13 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 2194 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 1499 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 6 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 5 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 7 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 5 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 19 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 13 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 7 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 10436 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 6 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 37 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 7 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 8 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 25 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 7 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 10344 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 4 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 10 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 5 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 7111 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 6 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 4 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 541 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 3 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 2 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 24 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 6824 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 13 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 18 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 7 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 7896 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 9 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 10 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 2 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 3643 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 12 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 3 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 10 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 5 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 5 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 16026 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 3 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 13 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 7038 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 15 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 9 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 3 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 3370 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 4 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 3 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 5 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 4 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 4097 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 2 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_48_1_val_1  ended at 16:00
