Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_38_1_val_1  started at 11:49
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_38_1_val_1  started at 11:49
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_38_1_val_1  ended at 11:50

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_38_1_val_1  started at 11:50
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_38_1_val_1  ended at 11:56

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_38_1_val_1  started at 12:09
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 7 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 6 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 1128 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 735 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 4 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 4 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 7 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 11 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 4330 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 6 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 12 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 11 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 9 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 4805 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 4 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 3079 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 271 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 3 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 9 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 11 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 3077 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 5 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 6 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 13 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 3358 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 5 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 4 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 5 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 4 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 1503 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 4 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 5 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 6 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 8 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 7402 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 5 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 10 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 3998 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 4 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 7 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 1174 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 3 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 7 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 1589 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_38_1_val_1  ended at 12:14
