Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_4_1_val_1  started at 15:38
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_4_1_val_1  started at 15:38
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_4_1_val_1  ended at 15:38

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_4_1_val_1  started at 15:38
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_4_1_val_1  ended at 15:39

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_4_1_val_1  started at 15:42
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 340 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 321 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 49 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 1109 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 101 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 943 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 80 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 343 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 53 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 75 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 11 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 7 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 11 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 618 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 205 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 2 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 2 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 338 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 71 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 1280 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 7 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 584 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 11 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 38 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 166 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 4 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 396 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_4_1_val_1  ended at 15:43
