Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_37_1_val_1  started at 11:25
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_37_1_val_1  started at 11:25
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_37_1_val_1  ended at 11:25

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_37_1_val_1  started at 11:25
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_37_1_val_1  ended at 11:32

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_37_1_val_1  started at 11:45
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 6 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 406 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 289 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 3 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 7 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 4 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 2374 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 6 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 41 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 2511 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 4 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 4 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 1372 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 148 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 9 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 1719 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 6 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 7 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 10 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 2502 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 4 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 5 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 5694 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 23 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 14 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 14 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 3 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 11 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 22553 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 13 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 4 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 2066 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 569 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 858 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_37_1_val_1  ended at 11:49
