Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_18_1_val_1  started at 13:39
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_18_1_val_1  started at 13:39
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_18_1_val_1  ended at 13:40

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_18_1_val_1  started at 13:40
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_18_1_val_1  ended at 13:41

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_18_1_val_1  started at 13:47
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 2 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 4 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 3 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 146 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 145 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 7 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 461 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 23 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 12 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 13 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 65 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 4 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 4 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 4 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 8 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 207 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 33 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 9 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 6 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 133 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 4 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 44 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 154 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 4 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 5 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 8 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 54 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 7 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 3 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 160 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 5 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 146 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 4 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 102 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 270 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 4 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 1 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 29 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 48 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 614 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 6 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 3 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 63 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 11 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 4 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 5 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 232 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 33 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 43 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 107 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 3 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 8 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 48 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 39 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_18_1_val_1  ended at 13:52
