Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_29_1_val_1  started at 15:55
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_29_1_val_1  started at 15:55
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_29_1_val_1  ended at 15:56

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_29_1_val_1  started at 15:56
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_29_1_val_1  ended at 16:11

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_29_1_val_1  started at 16:35
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 6 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 15926 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 97 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 17 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 17107 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 9543 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 3 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 4 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 11 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 8 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 27 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 5 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 4670 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 4 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 56 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 12 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 1515 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 13 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 4 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 3 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 4 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 2671 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 8 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 31 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 3 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 101 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 18818 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 16 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 3 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 17 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 6 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 3020 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 2 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 19 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 7 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 4 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 11194 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 4 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 23 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 21 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 7 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 39 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 21 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 15589 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 22 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 20 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 7 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 5 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 6 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 6 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 8688 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 6 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 6161 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 5 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 3 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 5 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 10731 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 3 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 4 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 3 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_29_1_val_1  ended at 09:55
