Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_33_1_val_1  started at 10:27
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_33_1_val_1  started at 10:27
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_33_1_val_1  ended at 10:27

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_33_1_val_1  started at 10:27
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_33_1_val_1  ended at 10:35

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_33_1_val_1  started at 10:48
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 5 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 10 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 10 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 1505 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 4280 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 15 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 11352 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 7 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 15 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 24 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 5 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 24 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 7184 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 7 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 36 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 12 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 7 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 7 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 18 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 3632 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 15 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 6 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 4911 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 4 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 3 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 5 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 12 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 11 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 5169 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 2 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 3 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 7 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 3 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 11 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 7 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 5812 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 7 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 8 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 6 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 6941 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 4 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 21 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 20 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 4 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 36 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 20 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 9449 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 30 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 7 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 5 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 12 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 4654 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 13 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 5 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 4042 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 4 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 3102 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_33_1_val_1  ended at 10:52
