Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_23_1_val_1  started at 15:00
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_23_1_val_1  started at 15:00
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_23_1_val_1  ended at 15:00

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_23_1_val_1  started at 15:00
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_23_1_val_1  ended at 15:02

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_23_1_val_1  started at 15:06
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 16 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 4 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 1536 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 302 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 3048 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 8 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 4 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 14 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 5 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 4 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 3188 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 8 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 7 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 1561 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 5 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 4 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 953 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 3 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 14 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 1512 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 1524 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 5 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 5 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 1 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 418 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 3659 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 4 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 12 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 3 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 4 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 743 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 35 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 526 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 865 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 1 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_23_1_val_1  ended at 15:09
