Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_27_1_val_1  started at 15:34
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_27_1_val_1  started at 15:34
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_27_1_val_1  ended at 15:34

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_27_1_val_1  started at 15:34
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_27_1_val_1  ended at 15:35

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_27_1_val_1  started at 15:43
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 15 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 299 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 398 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 6 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 3 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 14 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 895 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 3 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 10 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 4 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 9 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 14 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 10 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 1008 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 4 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 625 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 5 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 4 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 3 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 253 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 3 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 5 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 15 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 2 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 1320 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 2 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 868 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 100 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 23 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 1990 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 3 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 68 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 5 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 4 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 501 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 42 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 334 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 590 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 9 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 10 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 3 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 10 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 11 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_27_1_val_1  ended at 15:47
