Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_17_1_val_1  started at 13:33
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_17_1_val_1  started at 13:33
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_17_1_val_1  ended at 13:33

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_17_1_val_1  started at 13:33
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_17_1_val_1  ended at 13:34

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_17_1_val_1  started at 13:36
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 8 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 30 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 3 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 55 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 132 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 68 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 6 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 70 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 110 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 53 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 42 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 3 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 37 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 71 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 70 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 68 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 56 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 31 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 92 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 605 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 148 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 4 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 102 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 52 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 4 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 67 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 50 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 51 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_17_1_val_1  ended at 13:39
