Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_16_1_val_1  started at 13:24
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_16_1_val_1  started at 13:24
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_16_1_val_1  ended at 13:24

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_16_1_val_1  started at 13:24
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_16_1_val_1  ended at 13:25

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_16_1_val_1  started at 13:30
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 3 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 175 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 751 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 531 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 4 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 542 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 7 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 817 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 667 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 9 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 364 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 4 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 351 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 6 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 3 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 210 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 252 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 4 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 21 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 510 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 3 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 320 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 292 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 60 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 226 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 864 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 358 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 412 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 257 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 10 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 130 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 3 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 239 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 231 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 176 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_16_1_val_1  ended at 13:33
