Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_26_1_val_1  started at 15:25
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_26_1_val_1  started at 15:25
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_26_1_val_1  ended at 15:25

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_26_1_val_1  started at 15:25
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_26_1_val_1  ended at 15:26

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_26_1_val_1  started at 15:30
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 3 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 44 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 414 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 1365 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 6 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 2053 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 3 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 3 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 8 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 2015 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 14 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 4 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 1165 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 4 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 704 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 5 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 8 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 25 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 3 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 2638 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 6 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 1382 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 293 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 1 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 20 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 4 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 3682 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 9 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 50 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 6 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 8 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 1247 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 10 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 571 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 1012 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 9 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 12 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_26_1_val_1  ended at 15:33
