Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_46_1_val_1  started at 14:17
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_46_1_val_1  started at 14:17
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_46_1_val_1  ended at 14:18

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_46_1_val_1  started at 14:18
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_46_1_val_1  ended at 14:25

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_46_1_val_1  started at 14:39
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 6 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 4 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 1431 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 805 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 3 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 6 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 8 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 4 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 5199 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 11 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 4 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 13 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 31 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 6 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 5233 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 4 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 3 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 3608 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 275 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 4 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 13 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 3689 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 13 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 10 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 10 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 4146 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 11 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 7 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 1 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 2100 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 11 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 8 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 7 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 8523 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 4 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 3994 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 6 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 3 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 2050 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 1991 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 2 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_46_1_val_1  ended at 14:43
