Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_5_1_val_1  started at 15:43
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_5_1_val_1  started at 15:43
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_5_1_val_1  ended at 15:43

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_5_1_val_1  started at 15:43
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_5_1_val_1  ended at 15:45

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_5_1_val_1  started at 15:49
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 3 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 399 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 2 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 899 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 6 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 8 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 10 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 5 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 2 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 1449 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 3 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 422 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 4 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 5 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 11 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 1623 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 10 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 355 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 4 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 1145 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 116 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 4 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 3 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 777 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 22 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 5 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 7 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 15 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 1199 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 86 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 3 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 7 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 198 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 330 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 120 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 691 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 353 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 4 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 1084 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 2 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 252 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 36 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 685 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_5_1_val_1  ended at 15:50
