Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_22_1_val_1  started at 14:50
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_22_1_val_1  started at 14:50
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_22_1_val_1  ended at 14:50

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_22_1_val_1  started at 14:50
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_22_1_val_1  ended at 14:52

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_22_1_val_1  started at 14:56
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 5 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 831 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 4 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 1398 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 2723 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 3 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 10 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 5 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 2797 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 12 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 3 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 6 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 1730 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 4 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 4 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 7 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 1298 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 2 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 4 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 11 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 6 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 4 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 3350 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 2 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 1801 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 3 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 2 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 2 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 1344 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 3 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 4 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 5 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 4658 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 3 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 6 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 1952 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 4 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 4 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 3 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 11 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 2 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 1 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 256 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 1115 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 2 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_22_1_val_1  ended at 15:00
