Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_12_1_val_1  started at 11:41
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_12_1_val_1  started at 11:41
Deduplication for dataset WTCG_081118_12_1_val_1  ended at 11:41

Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_12_1_val_1  started at 11:41
Reference coverage calculation for dataset WTCG_081118_12_1_val_1  ended at 11:42

Genotyping for dataset WTCG_081118_12_1_val_1  started at 11:45
rl5a	For genotype G6 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G5 there are 3 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
rl5a	For genotype G1 there are 264 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl6	For genotype G1 there are 835 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4A there are 1820 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G4B there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G2 there are 10 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G8 there are 8 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G9 there are 3 reads matching
rl12	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4A there are 1704 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G4B there are 5 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G3 there are 1 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G5 there are 10 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G9 there are 2 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
rl13	For genotype G10 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G4 there are 461 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G8 there are 2 reads matching
ul1	For genotype G10 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G7 there are 4 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G6 there are 434 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G5 there are 3 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G4 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G2 there are 1 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G9 there are 3 reads matching
ul9	For genotype G8 there are 5 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G7 there are 13 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G6 there are 495 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G2 there are 4 reads matching
ul11	For genotype G1 there are 1 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G7 there are 804 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G5 there are 1 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G4 there are 3 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul20	For genotype G1 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4A there are 4 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4B there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4C there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G4D there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G1 there are 1 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3A there are 553 reads matching
ul73	For genotype G3B there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G3 there are 3 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1C there are 5 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1B there are 1385 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G1A there are 1 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2B there are 2 reads matching
ul74	For genotype G2A there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G4B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1B there are 4 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G1A there are 0 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3A there are 3 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G3B there are 1 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2B there are 922 reads matching
ul120	For genotype G2A there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G7 there are 2 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G4 there are 422 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G2 there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1B there are 0 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G1A there are 4 reads matching
ul139	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G7 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G6 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G5 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G4 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G3 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G2 there are 4 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G1 there are 790 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G9 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G8 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G14 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G13 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G12 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G11 there are 0 reads matching
ul146	For genotype G10 there are 0 reads matching
Genotyping sample WTCG_081118_12_1_val_1  ended at 11:46
